[Core] Add retry for failed upserts and handle circular dependencies (#1241)
port-labs/ocean: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 0.15.3 (2024-12-15)

> ### Bug Fixes

Reviewer: I think you can separate it to two sections 

```
### Improvements
- When `createMissingRelatedEntities
- Added testing for resync flow with failure on `createMissingRelatedEntities = False`

### Bug Fixes
- When experiencing cyclic ...
- Fix topologicals sort tree creation...

```

> - On fail of retry because of topological sort - try unsorted upsert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When experiencing cyclic error on topological sort try unsorted upsert of the entities
```

> - Register callbacks of failed entities.

Reviewer: can be removed

- Test upsert with dependencies, with self circular dependency and external entity dependency.

> - Update topologicals sort tree creation so an entity cannot be its own dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix topologicals sort tree creation so an entity cannot be its own dependency
```
